Add possibility to use default fiori styles in all renderers (#36)
kyma-incubator/documentation-component: packages/markdown-render-engine/README.md

| `headingPrefix`   | No       | `string or ((source: Source) => string)`, where [`Source`](../documentation-component/src/interfaces/Source.ts) is type | `""`          | Defines a prefix for any heading in a Markdown file.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| `copyButton`      | No       | `ReactNode`                                                                                                             | `null`        | Defines a custom copy button in code blocks. The Markdown render engine accepts only code blocks as a value to copy.                                                                                                                                                                 |

> **NOTE**: To learn how to pass options of a render engine, read [this](../../docs/props/render-engines.md#pass-global-options) document.

### Styles

> To use default styles based on [SAP Fundamentals](https://sap.github.io/fundamental/) import them as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use default styles based on [SAP Fundamentals](https://sap.github.io/fundamental/), import them as follows:
```

```js
import "@kyma-project/dc-markdown-render-engine/lib/styles.css";
```

> To use the default font `72` provided by SAP Fundamentals, install [this](https://sap.github.io/fundamental/getting-started.html) npm package and import the font as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the default font `72` provided by SAP Fundamentals, install the npm package from [this](https://sap.github.io/fundamental/getting-started.html) Getting Started guide and import the font as follows:
```

> To use default font named `72` provided by SAP Fundamentals follow its [Getting Started](https://sap.github.io/fundamental/getting-started.html) guide and import it like follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the default font `72` provided by SAP Fundamentals, install [this](https://sap.github.io/fundamental/getting-started.html) npm package and import the font as follows:
```

> **NOTE**: To learn how to pass options of a render engine, read [this](../../docs/props/render-engines.md#pass-global-options) document.

> ### Styles

Reviewer 2: Please only mention about our styling inside package and add additional info in `blockquote` block about fonts from `fiori`.
